67 subtitle always visible when crop or zoom (#68)
SRGSSR/pillarbox-android: pillarbox-ui/docs/README.md

[![Pillarbox logo](https://github.com/SRGSSR/pillarbox-apple/blob/main/docs/README-images/logo.jpg)](https://github.com/SRGSSR/pillarbox-android)
[![GitHub releases](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/SRGSSR/pillarbox-android)](https://github.com/SRGSSR/pillarbox-android/releases)
[![android](https://img.shields.io/badge/android-21+-green)](https://github.com/SRGSSR/pillarbox-android)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/SRGSSR/pillarbox-android)](https://github.com/SRGSSR/pillarbox-android/blob/main/LICENSE)

# Pillarbox UI module

> Provide UI compose component, it provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides UI Compose components:
```

- PlayerSurface
- Exoplayer views compose wrappers

## Integration

```gradle
implementation("ch.srgssr.pillarbox:pillarbox-ui:$LATEST_RELEASE_VERSION")
```

More information can be found on the [top level README](../docs/README.md)

## Getting started

### Drawing a simple video surface

> ```kotlin
>     Box(modifier = Modifier){
>     PlayerSurface(player = player)
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```kotlin
    Box(modifier = Modifier) {
    PlayerSurface(player = player)
}
```
```

### Create a simple player with controls and Subtitles

In this example, we are drawing controls and subtitles on top of the player surface. To add Subtitles use `ExoPlayerSubtitleView` and for controls 
you can use the Exoplayer version, `ExoPlayerControlView`. 

```kotlin
@Composable
fun MyPlayer(player:Player){
    val defaultAspectRatio = 1.0f
    Box(
        modifier = Modifier
            .fillMaxWidth()
            .wrapContentHeight()
            .background(color = Color.Black),
        contentAlignment = Alignment.Center
    ) {
        PlayerSurface(
            modifier = Modifier,
            player = player,
            scaleMode = ScaleMode.Fit,
            defaultAspectRatio = defaultAspectRatio
        )
        ExoPlayerControlView(modifier = Modifier.matchParentSize(), player = player)
        ExoPlayerSubtitleView(modifier = Modifier.matchParentSize(), player = player)
    }
}
```
The `defaultAspectRatio` is used while the video is loading or if the player doesn't play a video.

> In this example, we use `ScaleMode.Fit` to fit the content to the parent container, but there is more _ScaleMode_ :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we use `ScaleMode.Fit` to fit the content to the parent container but there are more scale modes:
```
